Angular 2 provides a variety of options when
choosing a language to code in.
We can use ES5 which is the current version
of javascript, Dart, CoffeeScript, either
of the newer versions of javascript known
as ES2015 as well as a future version of javascript
known as ES7 or Typescript, which really is
the preferred language.
No matter what language you choosing, everything
gets transpiled or turned into browser readable
ES5 Javascript.
To see some examples of the different language
options and how they’re used in angular
2, lets navigate over to the angular.io.
By clicking Get Started we are presented with
the reference docs.
On every page we see a clickable option for
for displaying one of 3 different code selections.
So we can choose Typescript, ES5 Javascript
or Dart.
Angular 2 is itself is written in typescript
and most of the examples, courses and tutorials
you’ll see on the web are also written in
typescript.
Google selected the use of typescript when
writing Angular 2 because of the awesome language
enhancements typescript provides.
Lets now take a moment to introduce the typescript
language and understand the benefits of using
typescript.